On, off, let it ring like a hotline For the night, living life with a plotline With good melody, I got a top line Number one, make them settle for the top line Cuz you always in the bag, pop another tag Quality is everything cuz moments never last I don't wanna know how many minutes do we have Till it's midnight, high heels click like glass on the floor I heard people don't dance anymore Never got the memo when it came, you ignore People staring at you like they never seen a real one Round these bars before But you don't walk, you levitate You see your chance, don't hesitate Gotta look too good on your resume When that record play, yeah We gonna let it ride The way you are You just keep getting better Just keep getting better You's a bonafide Superstar You just keep getting better Just keep getting better Baby, don't you slow it down Not for no one, baby Not for no one, baby, no We gonna let it ride The way you are You just keep getting better Don't you ever let up Oh no Phone screen go on my face Coffee stain on my plain white shirt Same old drink, same tired Playlist thinking Is this all I'm worth When the night lights up my screen Send the text That flips my fate Keep your eyes wide open Now I can't look away You're gonna see Something amazing today Amazing today Like the first blue sky After weeks of play Doesn't look special Till it suddenly changes Hold your breath, heartbeat Everything rearranges You're gonna see Something amazing today Elevator up, heartbeat high City home like a quiet prayer You walk in, laughing at nothing Suddenly there's color in the air Every small step feels like fireworks And a shy glance feels brand new Didn't think the world could flip this fast But a day when I saw You're gonna see Something amazing today Like the first blue sky After weeks of play Doesn't look special Till it suddenly changes Hold your breath, heartbeat Everything rearranges You're gonna see Something amazing today Maybe it's a stranger Saying hi Maybe it's a tear You left for this time Maybe it's just you Maybe it's just you But I believe in you You're gonna see You're gonna see Something amazing today Like the first blue sky After weeks of play Doesn't look special Till it suddenly changes Hold your breath, heartbeat Everything rearranges You're gonna see Something amazing today You're gonna be Something amazing today Today Today Dust on my boots And a full tank Sun burning low In the rearview glass You laughed, said, boy This is your big plan I smiled, said, girl That's the first half We ain't even hit that gravel We ain't even killed that light If you think this is a party Stick around tonight You ain't seen nothing yet We're just getting started, babe Got your hand in mine And a wild heart, said On every mile, every kiss Every red Corvette in my head Baby, this is just the first step You ain't seen nothing yet You ain't seen nothing yet Cooler in the bed Old shirts for a blanket That song you love on the dash You said, this feels like the ending I said, nah, this is the preview We ain't even hit that river We ain't even lost that phone If you think you know my favorite Wait till I make you my home You ain't seen nothing yet We're just getting started, babe Got a back road, got a sunset Got your name in mine On a mailbox sketch Every bow, every fight Every make-up breath in our bed Baby, this is just the first step You ain't seen nothing yet You ain't seen nothing yet Hey You ain't seen nothing yet Get your little boots by the front door Tiny jersey with my last name If you think this love is crazy You ain't read the back half Of this page You ain't seen nothing yet We're just getting started, babe From the back seat To the front porch To a crowded church Every year, every tear Every sweet silhouette in that dress Baby, this is just the first step You ain't seen nothing yet You ain't seen nothing yet You ain't seen nothing yet Woah-oh-oh I live for days like these I think I must be dreaming But I don't wanna wake up And I don't need a reason To spread a little love No I put a smile on your face Brighten up everybody's day Cause all I see is blue skies On my horizon Right now this is a moment No better time or place Freedoms are only focused Won't hit the face What's coming now Can't stop this feeling I put it on repeat Better believe it Ain't going nowhere We're on our way, on our way, on our way now It's a new energy Can't stop this feeling I live for days like these Woah-oh-oh I live for I live for Woah-oh-oh Woah-oh-oh I live for days like these Woah We're flying high up here rolling And we won't turn around Yeah we're on our way up And ain't nobody can bring us down We're turning up We're coming through We won't stop no way we can't lose Yeah here we are written in the stars Came a long way and we're gonna go so far Right now this is a moment No better time or place Freedoms are only focused Won't hit the face We're coming now Can't stop this feeling I put it on repeat Better believe it Ain't going nowhere We're on our way, on our way, on our way now It's a new energy Can't stop this feeling I live for days like these Woah-oh-oh I live for I live for Woah-oh-oh I live for I live for Woah-oh-oh I live for I live for Woah-oh-oh I live for I live for Woah-oh-oh I live for I live for Woah-oh-oh I live for Woah-oh-oh I live for I live for Woah-oh-oh I live for Days like these I've been counting out Left on read Left in doubt Every maybe felt like never But I kept your picture in my wallet Folded corners I saw it every time the world said Whatever I get that tightness in my chest When the floor drops I don't rest I just breathe then move Step by step I'm never gonna stop Trying Even when the waves keep rising You can see the fear In my eyes and Still I'm standing And I'm never gonna stop Reaching Even when my hands stop bleeding Every little scar Is a reason I'm still standing Never gonna stop trying Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Never gonna stop trying Friends turn strangers overnight Dreams went quiet Lost their light but I learned To glow in the shadow Talk to mirrors like a coach Get back up that's all she wrote So I run through every high every hollow And it's in my Chest but this fight I don't accept Any ending that says Regret Not yet I'm never gonna stop Trying Even when the waves keep rising You can see the fear In my eyes and Still I'm standing And I'm never gonna stop Reaching Even when my hands stop bleeding Every little scar Is a reason I'm still standing Never gonna stop trying Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Never gonna stop trying Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh If I fall tonight I'll rise All my failures on my side Like a choir for my life Singing one more time One more time I'm never gonna stop Trying Even when the waves keep rising You can see the fear In my eyes and Still I'm standing And I'm never gonna stop Reaching Even when my hands stop bleeding Every little scar Is a reason I'm still standing Never gonna stop trying Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Never gonna stop trying Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Lower my face Like I painted the sun Move with the rhythm That can't be undone Every little heartbeat Begins with fun Watch me light it up I'm second to none Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh I'm rising up Oh-oh-oh I'm rising up now Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh I'm the sparkle Fire I'm the show Oh-oh-oh I'm the sparkle Fire I'm the show Oh-oh-oh Dying in my stride Like I'm born for this stage Feeling that freedom I'm turning the page Following my presence Never play safe Catch me in the moment Send a runaway Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh I'm turning up Oh-oh-oh I'm turning up now Oh-oh-oh I'm the sparkle Fire I'm the show Oh-oh-oh I'm the sparkle Fire I'm the show Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh I'm turning up now Oh-oh-oh I'm the sparkle Fire I'm the show Oh-oh-oh I'm the sparkle Fire I'm the show Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Hey, yeah Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh Phone face down Still I keep on checking Mind runs wild Every scene projecting Got your name Doodled on my playlist If this is wrong I kinda wanna stay missed I can't wait to see this Play out in real life Us in the front row Laughing through the late nights I can't wait to feel it First look, first kiss Whatever this becomes I can't wait to see this Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm I can't wait to see this Can't wait to see this You say soon Yeah You always say it I hit send then Then I'll eat what I'm in But when you smile Even through a screen glow Whole room fades I'm ready just to let go I can't wait to see this Play out in real life Us in the front row Laughing through the late nights I can't wait to feel it First look, first kiss Whatever this becomes I can't wait to see this Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm What if it's better than All my daydreams What if you're braver than I believe Say you meet me outside And I won't resist I've waited All this time I Can't wait for this I can't wait to see this Play out in real life Us in the front row Laughing through the late nights I can't wait to feel it First look, first kiss Whatever this becomes I can't wait to see this Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm Go, go, this, this, this Go, go, this, this Go, go, this, this, this Go, go, this, this Go, go, this, this Hey Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm Hey Woke up Feeling something shift Same room But the air felt thick Mirror said I'm still that kid I said you're bigger than this Tied my laces Hands still shook First step was the hardest one Every laugh, every sideways Look all fade when the races run I carried every doubt lightweight Now I'm lighter than the flame You can write it on the page Everything changed A legend was made today From every little scar Every heartbreak Took all of the nights I almost walked away And I turned them into gold in the name Remember this face, this place When the crowd stands up and they all say Hey A legend was made today A legend was made today Oh yeah, yeah Hands up when I cross that line Flash bulbs in my open eyes But the loudest thing I heard Was my own voice saying rise All the times I came up short Played them back like old home tapes Now they're just the proof I've grown Steps I took to reach this day I carried every doubt lightweight Now I'm lighter than the flame You can write it on the page Everything changed A legend was made today From every little scar Every heartbreak Took all of the nights I almost walked away And I turned them into gold in the name Remember this face, this place When the crowd stands up and they all say Hey A legend was made today A legend was made today Hey

This is for the kid who writes, for the one who's tired of trying If you're standing on that edge, let this moment be a sign A legend was made today A legend was made today From every little scar, every heartbreak Took all of the nights I almost walked away And I turned them into gold for my name You remember this place, this place The crowd stands up and they all say A legend was made today A legend was made today A legend was made today A legend was made today Yeah You feel that? Alright Go ahead, let it ride Go where you are You just keep getting better Just keep getting better Use a bonafide Superstar You just keep getting better Just keep getting better So, aye, I can say a few things Everybody looking for the new thing There you go, moonwalking like two wings Just flew in, put the room in the mood ring You got people talking your name up I don't know how you came up But either way you go, you deserve it You put the work in, it's supposed to perfect If someone gets away, wait You get what you want when you want what you say You can have the world if you want on a plate Whoever said you ain't who you are, their mistake It's up cause you are, you don't give no weight Don't walk, you levitate You see your chance, don't hesitate Gotta look too good on your resume When that record play, yeah Go ahead, let it ride Go where you are You just keep getting better Just keep getting better Use a bonafide Superstar You just keep getting better Just keep getting better Baby, don't you start it now Not for no one, baby Not for no one, baby Go ahead, let it ride Go where you are You just keep getting better Don't you ever let up Bonafide, they ring like a hotline For the night, living life for the plotline With good melody, I got a top line Number one, make them settle for the top line Zoom, always in the bag, pop another tag Quality is everything cause moments never last I don't wanna know how many minutes do we have Till it's midnight, high heels click like glass on the floor I heard people don't dance anymore Never got the memo when it came, you ignore People staring at you like they never seen a real one Round these bars before But you don't walk, you levitate You see your chance, don't hesitate Gotta look too good on your resume When that record play, yeah Go ahead, let it ride Go where you are You just keep getting better Just keep getting better Use a bonafide Superstar You just keep getting better Just keep getting better Baby don't You slow Get it down Go ahead, let it ride Go where you are You just keep getting better Don't you ever let up Oh no Mmm Phone screen Girl on my face Coffee stain on my Plain white shirt Same old drink, same tie Playlist thinking Is this all I'm worth When the night Lights up my screen Simple text That flips my fate Keep your eyes Wide open I can't look away You're gonna see Something amazing Today Like the First blue sky After weeks Afraid Doesn't look Special till it suddenly Changes Hold your breath, heart beat Everything rearranges You're gonna see Something amazing Today Elevator up Heart beat high City home like a quiet prayer You walk in Laughing at nothing Suddenly there's color In the air Every small step feels Like fireworks And a shy glance feels brand new Didn't think the world Could flip this fast But it did when I saw You're gonna see Something amazing Today Like the First blue sky After weeks Afraid Doesn't look Special till it suddenly Changes Hold your breath, heart beat Everything rearranges You're gonna see Something amazing Today Maybe it's a stranger Saying hi Maybe it's a tear you let For this time It's just you Finally believing You You're gonna see You're gonna see Something amazing Today Like the first blue sky After weeks Afraid Doesn't look special till it suddenly Changes Hold your breath, heart beat Everything rearranges You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Again Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see This We're gonna see Something amazing Today You're gonna see This This You're gonna see This You're gonna see This This You're gonna see This This This You're gonna see This This This This Is They help robots learn And in the physical world Perfect Forging new paths And clearing the way For a bountiful harvest In the moments that matter Tokens are already there And in the miles between They never stop They work Where human hands cannot So we may all breathe Easier And the smallest hearts Beat stronger For a better tomorrow Tokens Are helping us break new ground On a scale never attempted To empower The world So we can reach Star cloud one Separation confirmed Well beyond it Together We take the next great leap Into a bright new future Built for all mankind And here Is where it all begins Welcome to the stage NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Wang Welcome to GTC Welcome to GTC I just want to remind you This is a tech conference All these people lining up So early in the morning All of you in here It's great to see you GTC GTC We're going to talk about technology We're going to talk about platforms NVIDIA has three platforms You think that we Mostly talk about one of them It's related to CUDAX Our systems is another platform And now we have a new platform Called AI Factories We're going to talk about all of them And most importantly we're going to talk about ecosystems But before I start Let me thank Our pre-game show hosts I thought they did a great job Sarah Goh of Conviction Alfred Lim Sequoia Capital NVIDIA's first venture capitalist Gavin Baker

NVIDIA's first major institutional investor. These three people are deep in technology, deep in what's going on, and of course they have just a really broad reach of technology ecosystem. And then of course all of the VIPs that I hand selected to join us today, all-star team. I want to thank all of you for that. I also want to thank all the companies that are here. NVIDIA, as you know, is a platform company. We have technology, we have our platforms, we have rich ecosystem. And today there are probably 100% of the $100 trillion of industry here. 450 companies sponsored this event. I want to thank you. A thousand technical sessions, 2,000 speakers. This conference is going to cover every single layer of the five-layer cake of artificial intelligence, from land, power, and shell, the infrastructure, to chips, to the platforms, the models, and of course the most important and ultimately what's going to get this industry taken off is all of the applications. But it all began, it all began here. This is the 20th anniversary of CUDA. We've been working on CUDA for 20 years. For 20 years we've been dedicated to this architecture, this revolutionary invention, SIMT, single instruction, multi-threaded writing scaler code could spawn off into multi-threaded application, much, much easier to program than SIMD. We recently added tiles so that we could help people program tensor cores and these structures of mathematics that are so foundational to artificial intelligence today. Thousands of tools and compilers and frameworks and libraries in open source. There's a couple of hundred thousand public projects. CUDA literally is integrated into every single ecosystem. This chart basically describes 100% of NVIDIA's strategies. You've been watching me talk about this slide from the very beginning. And ultimately the single hardest thing to achieve is the thing on the bottom, installed base. It has taken us 20 years to now have built up hundreds of millions of GPUs and computing systems around the world that run CUDA. We are in every cloud, we're in every computer company. We serve just about every single industry. The installed base of CUDA is the reason why the flywheel is accelerating. The installed base is what attracts developers who then creates new algorithms that achieves a breakthrough, for example, deep learning. There are so many others. Those breakthroughs leads to entirely new markets which builds new ecosystems around them with other companies that join which creates a larger installed base. This flywheel, this flywheel is now accelerating. The number of downloads of NVIDIA libraries is incredibly accelerating. It's at a very large scale and growing faster than ever. This flywheel is what makes this computing platform able to sustain so much applications, so many new breakthroughs, but most importantly, it also enables these infrastructures to have extraordinarily useful life. And the reason for that is very obvious. There are so many applications that you can run on NVIDIA CUDA. We support the entire, every single phase of the AI lifecycle. We address every single data processing platform. We accelerate scientific principled solvers of all different kinds. And so the application reach is so great that once you install NVIDIA GPUs, the useful life of it is incredibly high. It is also one of the reasons why Ampere, that we shipped them some six years ago, the pricing of Ampere in the cloud is going up. And so all of that is made possible fundamentally because the installed base is high, the flywheel is high, the developer reach is great. And when all of that happens and we continuously update our software, the computing cost declines. The combination of accelerated computing speeding up applications tremendously. Meanwhile, as we continue to nurture and continue to update software over its life, not only do you get the first time pop, you get the continuous cost reduction of accelerated computing over time. And we're willing to nurture, willing to support every single one of these GPUs in the world because they're all architecturally compatible. We're willing to do so because the installed base is so large. If we release a new optimization, it benefits millions. This applies to everybody in the world. This combination of dynamics is what makes the NVIDIA architecture expand its reach, accelerating its growth, at the same time driving down computing cost, which ultimately encourages new growth. So CUDA is at the center of it. But our journey to CUDA actually started 25 years ago. GeForce. I know how many of you grew up with GeForce. GeForce is NVIDIA's greatest marketing campaign. We attract future customers starting long before you could afford to pay for it yourself. Your parents paid. Your parents paid. Your parents paid for you to be NVIDIA customers. And every single year, they paid up, year after year after year, until someday you became an amazing computer scientist and became a proper customer, a proper developer. But this is the house that GeForce made. Twenty-five years ago, we started our journey, which led to CUDA. Twenty-five years ago, we invented the programmable shader. A perfectly unobvious invention to make an accelerator programmable. The world's first programmable accelerator, the pixel shader. Twenty-five years ago, that led us to explore further and further, twenty years later, five years later, the invention of CUDA. One of the biggest investments that we made, and we couldn't afford it at the time, and it consumed the vast majority of our company's profits. Was to take CUDA on the backs of GeForce to every single computer. We dedicated ourselves to create this platform because we felt so strongly about its potential. But ultimately, the company's dedication to it, despite the hardships in the beginning, believing in every single day, for thirteen generations of twenty years, we now have CUDA installed everywhere. The pixel shader led to, of course, the revolution of GeForce. And then ten years ago, we introduced, about ten years ago, what is it, eight years ago? We introduced RTX, a complete redesign of our architecture for the modern era of computer graphics. GeForce brought CUDA to the world. GeForce, therefore, enabled Alex Kruschevsky and Ilya Suskever and Jeff Hinton, Andrew Ng, and so many others to discover that the GPU could be their friend in accelerating deep learning. It started the Big Bang of AI. Ten years ago, we decided that we would fuse programmable shading and introduce two new ideas, ray tracing, hardware ray tracing, which is incredibly hard to do, and a new idea at the time, imagine, about ten years ago, we thought that AI would revolutionize computer graphics. Just as GeForce brought AI to the world, AI is now going to go back and revolutionize how computer graphics is done all together. Well, today, I'm going to show you something of the future. This is our next generation of graphics technology. We call it neural rendering, the fusion, the fusion of 3D graphics and artificial intelligence. This is DLSS 5. Take a look at it. This is DLSS 5. Take a look at it. Is that incredible? Computer graphics comes to life. Now, what did we do? We fused controllable 3D graphics, the ground truth of virtual worlds, the structured data. Remember this word, the structured data of virtual worlds, of generated worlds. We combined 3D graphics, structured data, with generative AI, probabilistic computing. One of them is completely predictive, the other one, probabilistic, yet highly realistic. We combined these two ideas, combined these two ideas, controlled through structured data, controlled perfectly, and yet generating at the same time. And as a result, the content is beautiful, amazing, as well as controllable. This concept of fusing structured information and generative AI will repeat itself in one industry after another industry after another industry. Structured data is the foundation of trustworthy AI. Well, this is going to scare you a little bit. I'm going to flip the slide, and don't gasp. So, we're going to go through this schematic for the rest of the time. This is my best slide. Every time I ask the team, what's my best slide, repeatedly, this was it. They say, don't do it, Jensen, don't do it. I said, no, these seats are free for some of you, so this is your price of admission. So, this is structured data. You've heard of it, SQL, Spark, Pandas, Velox, some of these really, really important, very large platforms, Snowflake, Databricks, EMR, Amazon EMR, Azure Fabric, Google Cloud, BigQuery, all of these platforms are processing data frames. These data frames are giant spreadsheets, and they hold all of life's information. This is the structured data, the ground truth of business. This is the ground truth of enterprise computing. Well, now, we're going to have AI use structured data, and we better accelerate the living daylights out of it. It used to be okay, and we would, you know, of course, we would accelerate structured data so that we could do more, we could do it more cheaply, we could do it more frequently per day, and keep the company running at a much more synchronized way. However, in the future, what's going to happen is these data structures are going to be used by AI, and AI is going to be much, much faster than us. Future agents are going to use structured databases as well. And then, of course, the unstructured database, the generative database, this database represents the vast majority of the world. Vector databases, unstructured data, PDFs, videos, speeches, all of the world's information, about 90% of what's generated every single year is unstructured data. Until now, this data has been completely useless to the world. We read it, we put it into our file system, and that's it. Unfortunately, we can't query it. We can't search for it. It's hard to do that, and the reason for that is because there's no easy indexing of unstructured data. You have to understand its meaning, its purpose, and so now we have AI do that. Just as AI was able to solve multi-modality perception and understanding, you can use that same technology, multi-modality perception and understanding, to go read a PDF to understand its meaning, and from that meaning, embed it into a larger structure that we can search into, we can query into. NVIDIA created two foundational libraries. Just like we created RTX for 3D graphics, we created QDF for data frames, structured data. We created QVS for vector stores, semantic data, unstructured data, AI data. These two platforms are going to be two of the most important platforms in the future. Super excited to see its adoption throughout the network, this complicated network of the world's data processing systems, and the reason for that is because data processing has been around a long time, and therefore, so many different companies and platforms and services. It has taken us a long time to integrate deeply into this ecosystem. I'm super proud of the work that we're doing here, and then today, we're announcing several of them. IBM, the inventor of SQL, one of the most important domain-specific languages of all time, is accelerating Watson X data with QDF. Let's take a look at it. Sixty years ago, IBM introduced the system 360, the first modern platform for general-purpose computing, launching the computing era, then SQL, a declarative language to query data without requiring the computer to be instructed step-by-step, and the data warehouse, each the foundations of modern enterprise computing. Today, IBM and NVIDIA are reinventing data processing for the era of AI by accelerating IBM Watson X.data SQL engines with NVIDIA GPU computing libraries. Data is the ground truth that gives AI context and meaning. AI needs rapid access to massive data sets. Today's CPU data processing systems can't keep up. Nestle makes thousands of supply chain decisions every day. Their order-to-cache data mart aggregates every supply, order, and delivery event across global operations in 185 countries. On CPUs, Nestle refreshed the data mart a few times a day. With accelerated Watson X.data running on NVIDIA GPUs, Nestle can run the same workload five times faster at 83% lower cost. The next computing platform has arrived, accelerated computing for the era of AI. NVIDIA accelerates data processing in the cloud. We also accelerate data processing on-prem. As you know, Dell is the world-leading computer systems maker, and they also are one of the world's leading storage providers. And they worked with us to create the Dell AI data platform that integrates QDF and QVS to create an accelerated data platform, well, for the era of AI. And this is an example of what they did with NTT data, huge speed-up. This is cloud, Google Cloud, and Google Cloud, as you know, we've been working with Google Cloud for a very long time. We accelerate Google's Vertex AI. We now accelerate BigQuery, really important framework and really important platform. And this is an example of our work together with Snapchat where we reduced their cost of computing by nearly 80%. When you accelerate data processing, when you accelerate computing, you get the benefit of speed, you get the benefit of scale, but most importantly, you also get the benefit of cost. And so all of those come together as one. It was originally called Moore's Law. Moore's Law was about getting performance doubling every couple of years. It's another way of saying, so long as the price remains about the same, and most computers remained about the same, you're also getting twice the performance every year or you're reducing the cost of computing every single year. Well, Moore's Law has run out of steam. We need a new approach. Accelerated computing allows us to take these giant leaps forward. And as you will see later, because we continue to optimize the algorithms, and NVIDIA's an algorithm company, as we continue to optimize the algorithms, and because our reach is so large and our install base is so large, we can reduce the computing cost, increasing the scale, increasing the speed for everybody continuously. This is Google Cloud. You can see this pattern I just mentioned. I just wanted to show you three versions of it. NVIDIA built the accelerated computing platform. It has a bunch of libraries on top. I gave you three examples. RTX is one of them. QDF is another. QVS, and I'll show you a few more. These libraries sit on top of our platform. But ultimately, we integrate into the world's cloud services, into the world's OEMs, and together, and other platforms that I'll show you, together, we're able to reach the world. This pattern, NVIDIA.

Google cloud snapchat will repeat over and over again and kind of looks like this and so this is one example in video with Google cloud we accelerate vertex AI we accelerate big query we accelerate we're I'm super proud of the work that we've done with Jackson XLA we're incredible on Pytorch we're the only accelerator in the world that's incredible on Pytorch and incredible on Jackson XLA and the customers that we support the base tens the crowd strikes. Puma Salesforce they're not our customers but their customers developers of ours that we've integrated the NVIDIA technologies into that we can then land on the clouds. Our relationship with cloud service providers. Are essentially us bringing customers to them we integrate our libraries we accelerate workloads and we land those customers in the clouds and so as you could see most of our cloud service providers love working with us and they're always asking us to land the next customer on their cloud and I just want to let you know there are a lot of customers. We're going to accelerate everybody and so there'll be lots and lots of customers will be able to land in your cloud just be patient with us and so this is Google cloud this is AWS we've been working with AWS a long time and one of the areas that one of the one of the things I'm super excited about this year is we're going to bring open AI to AWS. And so it's going to drive enormous consumption of cloud computing at AWS is going to expand the reach and expand the compute of open AI and as you know they are completely compute constrained and so AWS we accelerate EMR we accelerate SageMaker we accelerate bedrock NVIDIA is integrated really deeply into AWS they were our first cloud partner. Microsoft Azure. NVIDIA is a 100 supercomputer. Was the first one we built was for NVIDIA the first one we installed was at Azure and that led to the inner the big successful partnership with open AI but we've been working with Azure for quite a long time we accelerate Azure cloud now it's their AI foundry we partner deeply with we accelerate being search we work with them on Azure regions. This is one of the areas that is incredibly important as we continue to expand AI throughout the world one of the capabilities that we offer is confidential computing. That in confidential computing you want to make sure that even the operator cannot see your data even the operator cannot touch or see your models confidential computing and videos GPUs is the first ones in the world to do that. It's now able to support confidential computing and protected deployment of these very valuable open AI models and anthropic models throughout clouds and different regions and all because of our account confidential computing confidential computing super important and here's an example where we have different customers that we work with synopsis a great partner of ours we're accelerating all of their EDA and see you workflows and then we land it at Microsoft Azure. We were oracles first AI customer. Most people would have thought we were their first supplier we were their first supplier also but we were their first AI customer I'm quite proud of the fact that I explain AI clouds to Oracle for the first time and we were their first customer since then they've really taken off we've landed a whole bunch of our partners there court cohere and fireworks and of course very famously open AI. A great partnership with court court accord we've there the world's first AI native cloud a company that was built with only one singular purpose to provision to host GPUs as the area of accelerated computing showed up and to host for AI clouds they've got some fantastic customers and they're growing incredibly one of the platforms that I'm quite excited about is Palantir. And Dell the three of our companies have made it possible to stand up a brand new type of AI platform the Palantir ontology platform and AI platform and we could stand up these platforms in any country in any air gapped region completely on Prem completely on site completely in the field. AI could be deployed literally everywhere without our confidential computing capability without our ability to build the end to end system as well as offer the entire. Accelerated computing at AI stack from data processing whether it's vectors or structures all the way to AI it would have been possible. I wanted to show you these examples this is our special working relationship with the world's cloud service providers and many well all of them are here and I get the benefit of seeing them during boot tour and it's just so incredibly exciting I just want to thank all of you for the hard work what in video has done is this. Are you going to see this theme over and over again. Nvidia is vertically integrated the world's first vertically integrated. But horizontally open company. And the reason that's necessary is very simple. Accelerated computing is not a chip problem. Accelerated computing is not a systems problem accelerated computing has a missing word we just never say it anymore application. Acceleration. You can if I could make a computer run everything faster that's called a CPU but that's run out of steam the only way for us to accelerate applications going forward and continue to bring. Tremendous speed up tremendous cost reduction is through application or domain specific acceleration I dropped that phrase in the in the front and therefore it just became applicant accelerated computing and that is the reason why Nvidia has to be library after library domain after domain vertical after vertical. We are a vertically integrated computing company there is no other way we have to understand the applications we have to understand the domain we have to understand fundamentally the algorithms and we have to figure out how to deploy the algorithm. In whatever scenario it wants to be deployed whether it's a data center cloud on prem at the edge or in a robotic system all of those computing systems are different and finally the systems and chips. We are vertically integrated what makes it incredibly powerful and the reason why you saw all the slides that's because Nvidia's horizontally open will work and integrate and videos technology into whatever platform you would like us to integrate into we offer you the software we offer you libraries we integrate with your technology so that we can bring accelerated computing to everybody in the world. Well. This GTC is really a great demonstration of that you know most of the time most of the time you'll see me talk about these verticals and I'll use some examples but in every single case where there is automotive by the way financial services the largest percentage of attendees at this GTC is from the financial services industry. I know I'm hoping it's developers not traders. Guys. Here's here's. Here's one thing I wanted to say and so. In the audience represents Nvidia's ecosystem upstream of our supply chain and downstream of our supply chain and we work we think of our supply chain upstream and downstream and it's just so exciting. That. Our entire upstream supply chain this last year. Irrespective of whether you're 50 year old company we have 70 year old companies we have 150 year old company. Who are now part of Nvidia supply chain and partnering with us either upstream or downstream and last year. You had your record year did you not congratulations. We're on to something here this is the beginning of something very very big and so if you look at accelerated computing we've now set the computing platform but in order for us. To activate those computing platforms we need to have domain specific libraries that solve very important problems in each one of the verticals that we address you see us addressing every single one of this autonomous vehicles. Our reach our breath our impact incredible we have a track on that financial services I just mentioned algorithmic trading is going from classical machine learning with human feature engineering called. The quants did that to now supercomputers studying massive amounts of data discovering insight and discovering patterns by itself and so this is going through it's deep learning and it's transformer moment. Healthcare is going is going through their chap GPT moment some really exciting work that we're there we have we have a great keynote track here we have a great keynote track Kimberly pals don't a great keynote track. For health care we're talking about AI physics or AI biology for drug discovery AI agents for customer service and support of diagnosis diagnosis and of course physical AI robotic systems. All these different vectors of AI have different platforms that Nvidia provides industrial we are completely resetting and starting the largest build out of human history and most of the world's industries. Building AI factories building chip plants building computer plants are represented here today media and entertainment gaming of course real time AI platform so that we could translation and broadcast support and live live games and live video enormous amount of it will be augmented with AI we have a we have a platform called hollow scan quantum there are 35 different companies here building with us. The next generation of quantum GPU hybrid systems retail and CPG using Nvidia for supply chain using creating agentic shopping systems. AI agents for customer support a lot of work being done here 35 trillion dollar industry robotics 50 trillion dollar industry and manufacturing. Nvidia has been working in this area for a decade now building 3 computers the fundamental computers necessary to build robotic systems we are integrated with working with literally every single company that we know of building robots we have a hundred and ten robots here at the show and then telecommunications. About as large as the world's IT industry about 2 trillion dollars we see of course base stations everywhere it's one of the world's infrastructures it was the infrastructure of the last generation of computing that infrastructure is going to get completely reinvented and the reason for that is very simple that base station which is. It does one thing which is base station. It's going to be an AI infrastructure platform in the future AI will run at the edge and so lots of lots of great great discussion there and our platform there is called aerial or a I ran big partnership with Nokia big not partnership with T-Mobile and many others. At the core of our business. Everything that I just mentioned. Computing platforms but very importantly our coup d'etat X libraries are coup d'etat X libraries is the algorithm the algorithms that Nvidia invents we are an algorithm company that's what makes us special that what that's what makes it possible for me to be able to go into every single one of these industries imagine the future and have the world's best computer scientists describe and solve problems refactor it re-express it. And turn it into a library we have so many I think we have at this show we are announcing a hundred a hundred libraries. 70 libraries maybe 40 models and that's just at the show we're updating these all the time we're updating them all the time the libraries is the crown jewels of our company it is what makes it possible for that platform the computing platform to be activated in service of solving a problem making impact one of the biggest one of the most important libraries that we ever created coup d'etat X. Coup d'etat deep neural networks it completely revolutionized artificial intelligence cause the big bang of modern AI let me show you a short video about coup d'etat X. 20 years ago we built coup d'etat a single architecture for accelerated computing today we've reinvented computing a thousand coup d'etat X libraries help developers make breakthroughs in every field of science and engineering coup d'etat opt for decision optimization coup d'etat litho for computational lithography coup d'etat dss for decision optimization. For direct sparse solvers coup d'etat equivariance for geometry aware neural networks. aerial for AI ran. work for differentiable physics. pair bricks for genomics. At their foundation our algorithms and they are beautiful. okay. Welcome please. Seems the only way to take this platform in a sesion that you thought. Too bad we can't for specific reasons issue that that something which is really important. That's why we did what we did on this platform is talking with partners. Will continue to facilitate a future event fun with it. Everything you saw was a simulation some of it was principle solvers. Fundamental physics solvers some of it was a I surrogates a I physical models and some of it was physical a I robotics models everything was simulated nothing was animated nothing was articulated everything was completely simulated that is what fundamentally and video does. It is through the. Connection of understanding of the algorithms with our computing platforms that were able to open up to unlock these opportunities and video is a vertically integrated computing company with open. Horizontal integration with the world so that's good X well just now you saw a whole bunch of companies you saw Walmart and you know there's L'Oreal and incredible companies established companies JP Morgan and Roshan these are companies in companies that define society to today Toyota is here these are some of the largest companies in the world. It is also true. That there's a whole bunch of companies you've never heard of these are companies we call them a natives a whole bunch of small companies it's the list is gigantic I can't I couldn't this is just a little tiny tiny bit of it and I couldn't decide whether to show you more show you less and so I made it so that you couldn't see any. And nobody's feelings are hurt however inside this list are a bunch of brand new companies their companies like for example you might have heard a couple of them open AI and traffic but there's a whole bunch of others there's a whole bunch of others and they serve different verticals. Something happened in the last two years particularly this last year we've been working with the AI names for a long time and this last year it just skyrocketed I'll explain to you why it happened these this industry is skyrocketed a hundred fifty billion dollars of investment into venture investment into startups the largest in human history. This is also the first time. That the scale of the investments went from millions of dollars tens of millions of dollars to hundreds of millions of dollars and billions of dollars and the reason for that is this is the first time in human history that we've seen.

And history that every single one of these companies. Needs compute and lots and lots of it they need tokens lots and lots of it they're either need they're either going to create and build and create tokens and generate tokens or they're going to. Integrate add value to tokens that are available created by anthropic and open AI and others and so this industry is different in so many different ways but the one thing that is very clear the impact that they're making this the incredible value that they're delivering already is quite tangible. AI natives. All because we reinvented computing just like during the PC revolution a whole bunch of new companies were created just as just as a during the Internet revolution a whole bunch of companies were created in a mobile cloud a whole bunch of companies were created each one of them had their own standards and we're talking about one of the major standards is that just happened incredibly important and this generation we also have our own. Large number of very very special companies we reinvented computing it stands to reason there's going to be a whole new crop of really important companies. Consequential companies for the future of the world. The Googles the Amazons the Metas consequential companies that have come as a result of the last computing platform shift we are now at the beginning of a new platform shift but what happened in the last couple of years. Well we've been watching as you know we've been working on deep learning and working on AI the Big Bang of modern AI we were right there at the spot and we've been advancing this field for quite some time but why the last 2 years what happened in the last 2 years well 3 things. Chat GPT of course started the generative AI era it's able to not just. Understand perceive and understand it's able to also translate and generate generation of unique content I showed you the fusion of generative AI with computer graphics and it brought computer graphics to life. You guys are just everybody in the world should be using chat GPT I know I use it every single morning use the plenty this morning and so chat GPT was the generative AI era the second by the way generative generative computing. Versus the way we used to do computing it's not it's generative AI is a capability of software but it has profoundly changed how computing is done. Computing used to be retrieval based now it's generative keep that thought in mind when I talk about certain things and you'll realize why it is that everything that we do is going to change how computers are architected how computers are provided how computers are going to be built out and what is the meaning of computing all together. Generative AI 2023 and the 22 2023 the next reasoning AI 01. Which and then took off with all three reasoning allowed it to reflect allows it to think to itself allowed it to plan breakdown breakdown problems and decompose a problem it couldn't understand into steps or parts that it could understand it could ground itself on research oh one made generative AI trustworthy and grounded on truth. That caused chat GPT to simply took off and that was a very very big moment the amount of input tokens that was necessary in order to produce and the amount of output tokens in the generated in order to reason the model was a little bit larger you know of course you could have much larger models the model 01 was a little bit larger not much larger. But it's input token usage for context. And it's output token for thinking. Increase the amount of computation tremendously then came cloud code the first agentic model. It was able to read files code compile it test it evaluated go back and iterate on it cloud code has revolutionized software engineering as all of you know 100% of NVIDIA is using a combination of cut or oftentimes all three of them cloud code codex and cursor. All over NVIDIA there's not one software engineer today who is not assisted by one or many agents helping them code cloud code completely revolutionizes that the new inflection and for the first time. You don't ask it a I what where when how you ask it. Create do build you ask it to use tools take your context read files it's able to agentically break down a problem reason about it reflect on it it's able to solve problems and actually perform tasks. An AI that was able to perceive became an AI that could generate an AI that could generate became an AI that could reason and AI that could reason now became an AI that can actually do work very productive work the amount of computation in the last 2 years. We know that everybody in this room knows the computing demand for NVIDIA GPU is off the charts spot pricing is skyrocketing you couldn't find a GP if you tried and yet in the meantime we're shipping GPUs out incredible amounts of it and demand just keeps on going up there's a reason for that this fundamental inflection. Finally a I is able to do productive work and therefore the inflection point of inference has arrived. AI now has to think in order to think it has to inference a I now has to do in order to do it has to inference a I has to read in order to do so it has to inference it has to reason it has to inference every part of a I. Every time it has to think it has to reason it has to do it has to generate tokens it has to inference it's way past training now it's in the in the field of inference so the inference inflection has arrived. At the time when the amount of tokens the amount of compute necessary increased by roughly 10,000 times now when I combine these 2 the fact that since in the last 2 years the computing demand computing demand of the work has gone up by 10,000 times and the amount of usage. The amount of usage has probably gone up by 100 times. People have heard me say I believe that computing demand has increased by 1,000,000 times in the last 2 years it is the feeling that we all have it is the feeling every startup has it's the feeling that open a I has is the feeling that anthropic has if they could just get more capacity they could generate more tokens their revenues would go up more people could use it the more advanced the smarter the AI could become. We are now at that positive flywheel system we have we have reached that moment the inflection the inference inflection has arrived last year at this time I said. That where I stood at that moment in time we saw about. 500 billion dollars we saw 500 billion dollars. Of very high confidence demand and purchase orders. For blackwell and rubin through 2026. I said that last year. Now I don't know if you guys feel the same way but 500 billion dollars is an enormous amount of revenue. Not one impressed. I know why you're not impressed because all of you had record years. Well I'm here to tell you that right now where I stand a few short months after GTC DC one year after last GTC right here where I stand I see through 2027 at least 1 billion dollars in revenue. Trillion dollars. Now does it make any sense. And that's what I'm going to spend the rest of the time talking about in fact we are going to be short. I am certain computing demand will be much higher than that and there's a reason for that so the first thing is. We did a lot of work in the last year of course as you know 2025 was NVIDIA's year of inference we wanted to make sure that not only were we good at training and post training that we were incredibly good at every single phase of AI so that the investments that were made investments made in our infrastructure could scale out for as long as they would like to use it and the useful life of NVIDIA's infrastructure would be long and therefore the cost would be incredibly low. The longer you could use it the lower the cost there's no question in my mind NVIDIA systems are the lowest cost infrastructure you could get for AI infrastructure in the world and so the first part was last year was all about AI for inference and it drove this inflection point simultaneously. We were very pleased last year that Anthropic has come to NVIDIA that MSL meta SL has chosen NVIDIA and meanwhile meanwhile and as a collection as a group this represents one third of the world's AI compute. Open source models open source models have reached near the frontier and it is literally everywhere and NVIDIA as you know today we're the only platform in the world today that runs every single domain of AI. Across every single one of these AI models. In language and biology and computer graphics computer vision and speech. Proteins and chemicals robotics and otherwise edge or cloud any language NVIDIA's architecture is fungible for all of that and we're incredible for all of that that allows us to be the lowest cost the highest confidence platform. Because when you're building these systems as I mentioned a trillion dollars is an enormous amount of infrastructure you have to have complete confidence that the trillion dollars you're putting down will be you utilized would be performant would be incredibly cost effective and have useful life for as long as you could see that infrastructure investment you could make on NVIDIA you could make with complete confidence we have now proven that we can do it. In that. It is the only infrastructure in the world that you could go anywhere in the world and build with complete confidence you want to put it in any of the clouds were delighted by that you want to put it on Prem we're happy about that you want to put it in any country anywhere we're delighted to support you. We are now. A computing platform that runs all of AI now our business. Already starting to show that 60% of our business is hyperscalers the top 5 hyperscalers however even within that top 5 hyperscalers some of it is internal AI consumption the internal AI consumption really important work like Rex this is moving from recommender systems of tables and collaborative filtering and content filtering it's moving towards deep learning and large language models search. Moving to deep learning large language models almost all of these different hyperscale workloads are now moving shifting towards a workload that NVIDIA GPUs are incredibly good at but on top of that because we work with every AI lab because we work with every we accelerate every AI model and because we have a large ecosystem of AI natives that we work with that we can bring to the clouds that investment no matter how large no matter how quick. That compute will be consumed and that represents 60% of our business the other 40% is just everywhere regional clouds sovereign clouds enterprise industrial robotics edge big systems supercomputing systems small servers enterprise servers. The number of systems incredible the diversity of AI. Is also it's resilience. The span of reach of AI is it's resilience there is no question this is not a one app technology this is now fundamental this is absolutely a new computing platform shift. Well our job is to continue to advance the technology and one of the most important things that I mentioned last year was last year was our year of inference. We dedicated everything we took a giant chance and reinvented while hopper was at its prime and it was just cooking we decided that the hopper architecture. The MV link by 8 had to be taken to the next level we completely rearchitected the system disaggregated to the computing system altogether and created MV link 72. The way that it's built the way it's manufactured the way it's programmed completely changed grace Blackwell MV link 72 was a giant bet and it wasn't easy for anybody and many of my partners here in the room I want to thank all of you for the hard work that you guys did thank you. MV link 72 envy FP4 not just FP4 red precision FP4 is a whole different type of tensor core and computational unit we've demonstrated now that we can inference envy FP4 without loss of precision but gigantic boost in performance and energy efficiency we've also been able to use envy FP4 for training so. MV link 72 envy FP4 the invention of dynamo tensor RT LLM a whole bunch of new algorithms we even built a supercomputer to help us optimize kernels and help us optimize our complete stack we call it DGX cloud we invested billions of dollars of supercomputing capability help us create the kernels the software that made inference possible well. The results all came together and people told people used to tell me but Jensen inference is so easy inference is the ultimate hard inferences ultimate hard it is also ultimate important because it drives your revenues and so this is the outcome this is from semi analysis this is the largest most comprehensive sweep of AI that has ever AI inference that has ever been done and what you see here on the left. On this side on this side is tokens per watt tokens per watt is important because every data center every single factory by definition is power constrained a 1 gigawatt factory will never become 2. It's physically constrained the laws of atoms the laws of physicality and so that 1 gigawatt of data center you want to drive the maximum number of tokens which is the production the product of that factory so you want that you want to be on top of that curve as high as you want. This the X axis is the intro activity the speed of inference the speed of each inference the faster you can inference. The faster you could of course respond but very importantly the faster you can inference the larger the models the more context you could process the more tokens you can think through this axis is the same as smartness of the AI and so this is the throughput of the AI this is the smartness of the AI notice. The smarter the AI the lower your throughput makes sense you're thinking longer OK and so this axis is the speed and I'm going to come back to this this is important this is where I torture all of you. But it's too important every CEO in the world you watch every CEO in the world will study their business from now on in the way I'm about to describe. Because this is your token factory this is your AI factory this is your revenues there's no question about that going forward and so this is the throughput this is the intelligence better perf per watt for a given power of data center the more throughput the more tokens you could produce on this side is cost notice Nvidia is the highest performance in the world nobody would be surprised by that. They would be surprised by the fact that in one generation whereas Moore's law would have given us through transistors 50 percent two times. Moore's law would probably give us one and a half times more performance you would have expected from Hopper H200 one and a half times higher nobody would have expected 35 times higher I said last year at this time that Nvidia's grace Blackwell and feeling 72 was 35 times perf per watt nobody believed me. And then semi analysis came out and Dylan Patel had a quote. He accused me of sandbagging. He accused me of sandbagging is Jensen sandbag it's actually 50 times and he's not wrong he's not wrong and so our cost per token. Our cost per token is the lowest in the world you can't beat it. I've said before if you have the wrong architecture even if it's free it's not cheap enough. And the reason for that is because no matter what happens you still have to build a gigawatt data center.

center. You still have to build a gigawatt factory, and that gigawatt factory, for 15 years amortized across, that gigawatt factory is about $40 billion. Even when you put nothing on it, it's $40 billion in. You better make for darn sure you put the best computer system on that thing so that you could have the best token cost. NVIDIA's token cost is world class. Basically untouchable at the moment. And the reason that's true is because of extreme co-design. And so I'm very happy that he named us. There was a monkey king, token king. Well, we take all of our software, as I told you, we vertically integrate, but we horizontally open. We're vertical integration, horizontal open. We integrate all of our software and all of our technology, however we could package it up and integrate it into the world's inference service providers. And these companies are growing so fast. They're growing so fast. Fireworks, Lynn is here, together. They're just growing so incredibly fast. A hundred times in the last year. They are token factories. And the effectiveness, the performance, and the token cost production capability for their factories is everything to them. And this is what happened. We updated their software, same system, and notice their token speeds. Incredible. The difference before NVIDIA updated everything and all of our algorithms and software and all the technology that we bring to bear, about 700 tokens per second average went to nearly 5,000, seven times higher. And so this is the incredible power of extreme co-design. I mentioned earlier the importance of factories. This is the importance of factory. Your data center, it used to be a data center for files. It's now a factory to generate tokens. Your factory is limited no matter what. Everybody's looking for land, power, and shell. Once you build it, you are power limited. Within that power limited infrastructure, you better make for darn sure that your inference, because you know inference is your workload and tokens is your new commodity, that compute is your revenues, that you want to make sure that the architecture is as optimized as you can. In the future, every single CSP, every single computer company, every single cloud company, every single AI company, every single company period are going to be thinking about their token factory effectiveness. This is your factory in the future. And the reason why I know that is because everybody in this room is powered by intelligence. And in the future, that intelligence will be augmented by tokens. So let me show you how we got here. On April 6, 2016, a decade ago, we introduced DGX-1, the world's first computer designed for deep learning. Eight Pascal GPUs connected with the first generation NVLink. 170 teraflops in one computer, the world's first computer designed for AI researchers. With Volta, we introduced NVLink switch. 16 GPUs connected with full all-to-all bandwidth, operating as one giant GPU. A giant step forward, but model sizes continued to grow. The data center needed to become a single unit of computing. So Mellanox joined NVIDIA. In 2020, DGX-A100 SuperPOD became the first GPU supercomputer combining scale-up and scale-out architecture. NVLink 3 for scale-up, Kinect X6 and Quantum InfiniBand for scale-out. Then Hopper, the first GPU with the FP8 transformer engine that launched the generative AI era. NVLink 4, Kinect X7, Bluefield 3 DPUs, second generation Quantum InfiniBand. It revolutionized computing. Blackwell redefined AI supercomputing system architecture with NVLink 72. 72 GPUs connected by NVLink Spine. 130 terabytes per second of all-to-all bandwidth. Compute Trace integrate Blackwell GPUs, Grace CPUs, Kinect X8, and Bluefield 3. Scale-out runs over Spectrum 4 Ethernet. With three scaling laws in full steam, pre-training, post-training, and inference, and now agentic systems, compute demand continues to grow exponentially. And now Vera-Rubin, architected for every phase of agentic AI, advancing every pillar of computing, including CPU, storage, networking, and security. Vera-Rubin NVLink 72. 3.6 exaflops of compute. 260 terabytes per second of all-to-all NVLink bandwidth. The engine supercharging the era of agentic AI. The Vera CPU Rack, designed for orchestration and agentic workflows. The STX Rack, AI-native storage built with Bluefield 4. Scale-out with Spectrum X co-packaged optics, increasing energy efficiency and resiliency, and an incredible new addition, the GROK 3 LPX Rack. Tightly connected to Vera-Rubin, GROK's LPUs massive on-chip SRAM. A token accelerator to the already incredibly fast Vera-Rubin. Together, 35 times more throughput per megawatt. The new Vera-Rubin platform. Seven chips, five rack-scale computers, one revolutionary AI supercomputer for agentic AI. 40 million times more compute in just 10 years. Now, in the good old days, when I would say, hopper, I would hold up a chip. That's just adorable. This is Vera-Rubin. When we think Vera-Rubin, we think the entire system. Vertically integrated, completely with software. Extended end-to-end. Optimized as one giant system. The reason why it's designed for agentic systems is very clear. Because agents, of course the most important workload, is it's thinking the large language model. The large language models are going to get larger and larger and larger. It's going to generate more and more tokens more quickly so it can think more quickly. But it also has to access memory. It's going to pound on memory really hard. KVCache, structured data, QDF, unstructured data, QVS. It's going to be pounding on the storage system really, really hard. Which is the reason why we reinvented the storage system. It is also going to use tools. And unlike humans that are more tolerant to slower computers, AI wants the tools to be as fast as possible. These tools, web browsers in the future, they could also be virtual PCs in the cloud. Those PCs have to be, and those computers have to be as fast as possible. We created a brand new CPU. A brand new CPU that's designed for extremely high single-threaded performance. Incredibly high data output. Incredibly good at data processing. And extreme energy efficiency. It is the only data center CPU in the world that uses LPDDR5. And incredible single-threaded performance. And performance per watt that is unrivaled. And so we built that so that it could go along with the rest of these racks for agentic processing. And so here it is. This is the Grace Blackwell, no Vera Rubin, where is it? Here it is. So this is the Vera Rubin system. Notice since the last time, 100% liquid cooled. All of the cables gone. What used to take two days to install now takes two hours. Incredible. And so the manufacturing cycle time is going to dramatically reduce. This is also a supercomputer that is cooled by hot water, 45 degrees, which takes the pressure off of the data center, takes all of that cost and all of that energy that's used to cool the data center and makes it available for the system. This is the secret sauce. We're the only company in the world that has today built the sixth generation scale-up switching system. This is not Ethernet. This is not InfiniBand. This is NVLink. This is the sixth generation NVLink. This is insanely hard to do well. It is insanely hard to do, period. And I'm just super proud of the team. NVLink, completely liquid cooled. This is the brand new GROK system, and I'll show you a little bit more about it. This system, eight GROK chips. This is the LP30. The world's never seen it. Anything that the world's ever seen is V1. This is third generation, and we're in volume production now, and I'll show you more about that in just a second. The world's first CPO Spectrum X switch. This is also in full production. Co-packaged optics. Optics comes directly onto this chip. Interfaces directly to silicon. Electrons get translated to photons, and it gets directly connected to this chip. We invented the process technology with TSMC. We're the only one in production with it today. It's called COOP. It's completely revolutionary. NVIDIA is in full production with Spectrum X. This is the Vera system. Twice the performance per watt of any CPUs in the world today. It is also in production. Well, you know, we never thought we would be selling CPUs standalone. We are selling a lot of CPUs standalone. This is already, for sure, going to be a multi-billion dollar business for us. So I'm very, very pleased with our CPU architects. We've designed a revolutionary CPU. And this is the CX9 powered with Vera CPU, the BlueField 4 STX, our new storage platform. Okay, so these are the racks, and it's connected. Each one of these racks, the NVLink rack, this is, I've shown you guys this before, it's a super heavy, and it seems to get heavier every year, because I think there's just more cables in there every year. And so this is the NVLink rack. We've also taken this technology, because it is so efficient to create a data center with these cabling systems, structured cables. So we decided to do that for Ethernet. So this is Ethernet, 256 liquid cooled nodes in one rack, and it is also connected with these incredible connectors. You guys want to see Rubin Ultra? So this is the Rubin Ultra compute node. Unlike Rubin that slides in horizontally, Rubin Ultra goes into a whole new rack, it's called Kyber, that enables us to connect 144 GPUs in one NVLink domain. And so the Kyber rack, this, I could lift it, I'm sure, but I won't. It's quite heavy. This is one compute node, and it slides into the Kyber rack vertically. This is where it connects into, this is the mid-plane. The Kyber racks, those four top NVLink connectors slide in and connect into this, and this becomes one of the nodes, and each one of these racks is a different compute node, and this is the amazing part. This is the mid-plane, and the back of the mid-plane, instead of the cabling system, which has its limits in terms of how far we could drive cables, copper cables, we now have this system to connect 144 GPUs. This is the new NVLink. This sits also vertically, and it connects into the mid-planes on the back. Compute in the front, NVLink switches in the back, one giant computer, okay? So that is Rubin Ultra. As I mentioned, how about we take this back down? I need the rest of my slides. Oh, it's coming down? Okay. Thank you, Janine. This is what happens when you don't practice. Okay, all right, so you saw, take your time, just don't get hurt. You saw this slide. You know, only NVIDIA's keynote will you see last year's slide presented again, and the reason for that is I just want to let you know that last year I told you something very, very important, and it's so important, it's worthwhile to tell you again. This is probably the single most important chart for the future of AI factories, and every CEO in the world will be tracking it, will be studying it very deeply. It's much, much more complicated than this. It's multidimensional, but you will be studying the throughput and the token speed of your AI factories. The throughput, token speed at ISO power, because that's all the power you have, throughput and token speed for your factories forever, and that analysis is going to lead directly to your revenues. What you do this year will show up precisely next year as your revenues, and this chart is what it's all about, and I said on the vertical axis, on the vertical axis, thank you guys, on the vertical axis is throughput, on the horizontal axis is token rate. Today, I'm going to show you this. Because we're able, because we're now able to increase the token speed, and because model sizes are increasing, because the token length, the context length, depending on the different grades of different application use case, continues to grow from maybe 100,000 tokens, input length to maybe millions, the token input length is growing. And also, the output token length is growing. And so, all of these play into, ultimately, the marketing and the pricing of future tokens. Tokens are the new commodity, and like all commodities, once it reaches an inflection, once it becomes mature or becomes maturing, it will segment into different parts. The high throughput, low speed could be used for the free tier. The next tier could be the medium tier. Larger model maybe, higher speed for sure, larger input context length, that translates to a different price point. You could see from all the different services, this one is free, it's a free tier. The first tier could be $3 per million tokens. The next tier could be $6 per million tokens. You would like to be able to keep pushing this boundary, because the larger the model, smarter, the more input token context length, more relevant, the higher the speed, the more you can think and iterate smarter AI models. So this is about smarter AI models. And when you have smarter AI models, each one of these clicks allows you to increase the price. So this is $45. And maybe one day, there'll be a premium model that allows you, a premium service, that allows you to generate token speeds that are incredibly high, because you're in a critical path, or maybe you're doing really long research, and $150 per million tokens is just not a thing. So let's translate that. Suppose you were to use 50 million tokens per day as a researcher at $150 per million tokens. As it turns out, as a research team, that's not even a thing. So we believe that this is the future. This is where AI wants to go. This is where it is today. It had to start here to establish the value and establish its usefulness and get better and better and better. In the future, you're going to see most services encompass all of that. This is Hopper. Hopper started, and I moved the chart, this is 50, this is 100. Hopper looks like this. And you would have expected Hopper, the next generation, to be higher, but nobody would have expected it to be that much higher. This is Grace Blackwell. What Grace Blackwell did is, at your free tier, increase your throughput tremendously. However,

Where you mostly monetize your service it increase your throughput by 35 times this is no different than any product that every company makes the higher the tier the higher the quality the higher the performance the lower the volume the lower the capacity and so it is no different than any other business in the world and so now we're able to increase this tier by 35x and we introduced a whole new tier. This this is the benefit of grace Blackwell a huge jump over hopper. Well this is what we're doing with. OK so this is grace Blackwell OK let me just reset reset this. And this is Vera Rubin. OK. I just think just think what just happened at every single tear at every single tear and every single tear we increase the throughput and at the tear that were your highest ASP and your most valuable segment we increased it by 10x. That is the hard work this is incredibly hard to do out here this is the benefit of any link 72 this is the benefit of extremely low latency this is the benefit of extreme co-design that we could shift the entire area up now what does it mean from a customer perspective in the end. Suppose I were to take all of that and I just you know multiply it against suppose I took 25% of my power used it in free tier 25% of my power in the medium tear 25% of my power in the high tear and 25% of my power in the premium tear my data center only has a gigawatt. And so I get to decide how I want to distribute the free tear allows me to attract more customers. This allows me to serve my most valuable customers. And the combination the product of all that allows you basically your revenues the revenues you can generate assuming this simplistic example allows Blackwell to generate 5 times more revenues. Vera Rubin to generate 5 times. Yeah. So Vera Rubin you should get there as soon as you can. And the reason for that is because your your cost of tokens goes down and your throughput goes up now but we want even more we want even more and so let me just show you go back to this this is as you as I as I told you this throughput requires a ton of flops this latency this interactivity requires enormous amount of bandwidth. Computers don't like extreme amount of flops extreme amount of bandwidth because there's only so much surface area for chips that any systems has and so optimizing for high throughput and optimizing for low latency are in fact enemies of each other and so this is what happened when we combined with rock. OK man so we we acquired the team that worked on the grout chips and license the technology and we've been working together now to integrate the system this is what that looks like. So at the most valuable tier at the most valuable tier we're now going to increase performance by 35 X. Now this very simple chart revealed to you exactly the reason why NVIDIA is so strong in the vast majority of the workloads so far. And the reason for that is because up in this area. Throughput matters so much and feeling 72 is so game changing it is exactly the right architecture and it's even hard to beat even as you add grok to it however. If you extended this chart way out here and you said you wanted to have services that delivers not 400 tokens per second but 1000 tokens per second all of a sudden and feeling 72 runs out of steam and it simply can't get there we just don't have enough bandwidth and so this is where grok comes in and this is what happens when we push that out so it goes out beyond thank you. Goes out beyond even the limits of what envy link 72 can do and if you were to do that translate that into revenues. Relative to Blackwell Vera Rubin is 5X if most of your workload is high throughput I would stick with just 100% Vera Rubin if a lot of your workload wants to be coding and very high valued engineering token generation I would add grok to it I would add grok to maybe 25% of my total data center the rest of my data center is all 100% Vera Rubin. And so that gives you a sense of how you would add grok to Vera Rubin and extend its performance and extend its value even more this is what happens. This is a contrast the reason why the reason why grok was so attractive to me is because their computing system a deterministic data flow processor it is statically compiled it is compiler scheduled meaning the compiler figures out when the date when to do the compute the computer data arrives at the same time all of that is done statically in advance. And scheduled completely in software there's no dynamic scheduling. It is designed just for inference this one workload now this one workload as it turns out is the workload of AI factories and as the world continues to increase the amount of high-speed tokens it wants to generate with super smart tokens it wants to generate the value of this integration is going to get even higher and so these are 2 extreme processors you could see. One chip 500 megabytes one Vera Rubin ship one Rubin ship 288 gigabytes. It would take a lot of rock chips to be able to hold the parameter size of Rubin as well as all of the context that has to go the KV cache that has to go along with it so that limited grok's ability to really reach the mainstream to really take off until we had a great idea. What have we disaggregated inference altogether with a piece of software called dynamo what have we rearchitected the way that inference is done in the pipeline so that we could put the work that makes perfect sense on Vera Rubin and then offload the decode generation the low latency the bandwidth limited challenged part of the workload for grok. And so we united unified 2 processors of extreme differences one for high throughput one for low latency it still doesn't change the fact that we need a lot of memory and so grok we're just going to add a whole bunch of rock chips which expands the amount of memory it has and so if you could just imagine. Out of a trillion parameter model we have to store all of that in grok chips however it sits next to NVIDIA Vera Rubin where we could we could hold the massive amounts of KV cache that's necessary in processing all of these agentic AI systems it's based upon this idea of this aggregated inference. We do the pre fill that's the easy part but we also tightly integrate the decode so the attention part of decode is done on NVIDIA's Vera Rubin which needs a lot of math and the feed forward network part of it the decode part is done the token generation part is done on Vera Rubin on the on the grok ship the 2 of them working tightly coupled together over. Today ethernet with a special mode to reduce its latency by about half and so that capability allows us to integrate these 2 systems we run dynamo this incredible operating system for AI factories on top of it and you get 35 times increase. 35 times increase not to mention additional new tears of inference performance for token generation the world's never seen so this is it this is grok. The Vera Rubin systems including grok I want to thank Samsung who manufactures the grok LP 30 chip for us and they're cranking as hard as they can I really appreciate appreciate you guys were in production with the grok chip and you know we'll ship it in the 2nd half probably about Q3 time frame. OK. Grok LPX. Vera Rubin you know it's kind of hard it's kind of hard to imagine any more customers. You know and the really great thing is is Grace Blackwell early sampling of it was really complicated because of coming together of Emily 72 but the sampling of Vera Rubin is just going incredibly well and in fact Satya I think text it out already that the first Vera Rubin rack is already up and running at Microsoft Azure and so I'm super excited for them we're going to keep cranking these things out we have now set up a supply chain that could manufacture. Thousands a week of these systems essentially multi gigawatts of AI factories per month inside our supply chain and so we're going to crank out these these Vera Rubin racks while we're cranking out the GB 300 racks we are in full production the various CPUs. Incredibly successful and the reason for that is because AI needs CPUs for tool use and various CPU was designed just perfectly for that sweet spot incredible for the next generation of data processing various CPU is ideal the various CPU plus blue plus CX 9 connected into the blue field 4 stack. A hundred percent. A hundred percent of the world's storage industry is joining us on this system and the reason for that is because they see exactly the same thing. The storage system is going to get pounded it's going to get pounded because we used to have humans using the storage systems we used to have humans using SQL now we're going to have a eyes using these storage systems and it's going to store. Who do you have accelerated storage who VS accelerated storage as well as very importantly KB caching OK so this is the Vera Rubin system now what's amazing is this in just 2 years time and a 1 gigawatt factory. In just 2 years time in 1 gigawatt factory using using the mathematics that I showed you earlier whereas Moore's law would have given us a couple of steps we would have you know. X factored the number of transistors we would X factored the number of flops we were to X factored the number of amount of bandwidth but with this architecture we're going to take our token generation speed token generation rate from 22 million to 700 million 350 times increase. This is this is the power of extreme co-design this is what I mean when we integrate and optimize vertically but then we open it horizontally for everybody to enjoy this is our road map very quickly. Blackwell is here the Oberon system in the case of Ruben we have the Oberon system we're always backwards compatible so that if you wanted to not change anything and just keep on moving through with the new architecture you could do so. The old system the standard rack system Oberon still available Oberon is copper scale up and with Oberon we could also use optical scale out or excuse me optical scale up to expand to MV link 576. OK and so there's a lot of conversation about is in video going to copper scale up or optical scale up we're going to do both. So we're going to have MV link 144 with Kyber and then with Opteron Opteron Oberon we're going to MV link 72 plus optical to get to MV link 576. The next generation of Ruben with Ruben ultra we have the Ruben ultra chip which is coming which is in taping out and we have a brand new chip LP 35 LP 35 will for the first time incorporate NVIDIA's MVF P4 computing structure give you another few X X factor speed up OK and so this is Oberon MV link 72 optical scale up and. It uses spectrum 6 the world's first co-packaged optical and all of this is in production the next generation from here is Feynman Feynman has a new GPU of course it also has a new LP you LP 40 big step up incredible incredible new technology now. Uniting the scale of NVIDIA and the GROK team building together LP 40 it's going to be incredible a brand new CPU called Rosa short for Rosalyn Bluefield 5 which connects the next CPU with the next super neck CX 10. We will have Kyber which is copper scale up we will also have Kyber. Kyber CPO scale up so for the first time we will scale up with both copper and co-packaged optics OK and so a lot of people have been asking you know Jensen or is copper going to still be important the answer is yes. Jensen are you going to scale up optical yes. Are you going to scale out optical. Yes. And so for everybody who is in our ecosystem we need a lot more capacity. And that's really the key we need a lot more capacity for copper for copper we need a lot more capacity for optics we need a lot more capacity for CPO and that's the reason why we've been working with all of you to lay the foundation for this level of growth. And so Feynman will have all of that let me see if I missed everything that's it every single year brand new architecture. Very quick. Very quickly and video went from a chip company. To a factory company or infrastructure company I computing company these systems. And now we're building entire AI factories there's so much power. That is squandered in these AI factories we want to make sure that these AI factories come together design in the best possible way. Most of these components never meet each other most of most of us technology vendors now we all know each other but in the past we never met each other until the data center that can happen we're building super complex systems and so we have to meet each other virtually somewhere else. And so we created omniverse and the omniverse DSX world a platform where all of us can meet and design these giga factories giga gigawatt AI factories virtually in system we have simulation systems for the racks for mechanical thermal electrical networking those simulation systems integrated into all of our ecosystem partners of incredible tools companies. We also operated connected to the grid so that we could interact with each other send each other information so that we could adjust. Grid power and data center power accordingly saving energy and then inside the data center using Max Q so that we could adjust the system dynamically across power and cooling and all of the different technologies we all work on together so that we leave no power squandered. So that we run at the most optimal way to deliver enormous amount of token throughput there is no question in my mind there's a factor of 2 in here. And the factor of 2 at the scale we're talking about is gigantic we call this the NVIDIA DSX platform and just as all of our platforms there's the hardware layer there's the library layer and there's the ecosystem layer it's exactly the same way let's show it to you. The greatest infrastructure build out in history is underway. The world is racing to build chip system and AI factories and every month of delay cost billions in lost revenues AI factory revenues are equal to tokens per watt. So with power constraints every unused what is revenue lost. NVIDIA DSX is an omniverse digital twin blueprint for designing and operating AI factories for maximum token throughput resilience and energy efficiency. Developers connect through several API's DSX SIM for physical electrical thermal and network simulation DSX exchange for AI factory operational data DSX flex for secure dynamic power management between the grid and DSX Max Q to dynamically maximize token throughput. It starts with SIM ready assets from NVIDIA and equipment manufacturers managed by PTC windchill PLM then model based systems engineering is done in DASO systems 3D experience. Jacobs brings the data into their custom omniverse app to finalize design. It's tested with leading simulation tools using Siemens star CCM plus for external thermals. Cadence reality for internal. ETAP for electrical and NVIDIA's network simulator.

DSX Air and virtually commissioned through Procore to ensure accelerated construction time. When the site goes live, the digital twin becomes the operator. AI agents work with DSX MaxQ to dynamically orchestrate infrastructure. Phaedra's agent oversees cooling and electrical systems, sending signals to MaxQ, which continuously optimizes compute throughput and energy efficiency. Emerald AI agents interpret live grid demand and stress signals and adjust power dynamically. With DSX, NVIDIA and our ecosystem of partners are racing to build AI infrastructure around the world, ensuring extreme resiliency, efficiency, and throughput. It's incredible, right? Well, Omniverse was designed to hold the world's digital twin, starting from the earth. And it's going to hold digital twins of all sizes. And so we have just such a great ecosystem of partners. I want to thank all of you. All of these companies are brand new to our world. We didn't know many of you just a couple of years ago. And now we're working so close together to work on and build together the largest computer the world's ever seen and also to do it at planetary scale. So NVIDIA DSX is our new AI factory platform. I'll spend very little time on this this time. However, we're going to space. We've already been out in space. Thor is radiation approved. And we're in satellites. You do imaging from satellites in the future. We'll also build data centers in space. Obviously, very complicated to do so. We're working with our partners on a new computer called Vera Rubin Space 1. And it's going to go out to space and start data centers out in space. Now, of course, in space, there's no conduction. There's no convection. There's just radiation. And so we have to figure out how to cool these systems out in space. But we've got lots of great engineers working on it. Let me talk to you about something new. So Peter Steinberger is here. And he wrote a piece of software. It's called OpenClaw. And I don't know if he realized how successful it's going to be. But the importance is profound. OpenClaw is the number one. It's the most popular open source project in the history of humanity. And it did so in just a few weeks. It exceeded what Linux did in 30 years. And it's that important. It is that important. It will do well. This is all you do, OK? We're announcing our support of it. Let me just quickly go through this. I want to show you a couple of things. You simply type this. You type this into a console. And it goes out. It finds OpenClaw. It downloads it. It builds you an AI agent. And then you could tell it whatever else you need to do, OK? So let's take a look. An open source project just dropped. Andrej Karpathy has just launched something called. The research is a huge deal. You give an AI agent a task, go to sleep. It runs 100 experiments overnight, keeping what works and killing what doesn't. I really love what my stuff enables that person to do. And we had like one guy. He told me like he installed it as a 60-year-old dad. And like they made beer. Connected the machine via Bluetooth to OpenClaw. And then we automated everything, including the whole website for people to order. Hundreds of people are queuing up for lobsters in St. Gerves. OpenClaw. OpenClaw. OpenClaw. We want to build OpenClaw with OpenClaw. Everyone is talking about OpenClaw, but what the **** is OpenClaw? Believe it or not, there's already a claw con. Incredible, incredible. Now I illustrated effectively what OpenClaw is in this way, so that all of you can understand it. But let's just think what happened. What is OpenClaw? It connects. It's an agentic system. It calls and connects to large language models. So the first thing it has, it has resources that it manages. It could access tools. It could access file systems. It could access large language models. It's able to do scheduling. It's able to do cron jobs. It's able to decompose a problem that you gave it into step by step by step. It could spawn off and call upon other sub-agents. It has I.O. You could talk to it in any modality you want. You could wave at it and it understands you. You could talk to it in any modality you want. It sends you messages. It texts you. It sends you email. So it's got I.O. What else does it have? Well, based on that, you could say, in fact, it's an operating system. I've just used the same syntax that I would describe an operating system. OpenClaw has open-sourced essentially the operating system of agentic computers. It is no different than how Windows made it possible for us to create personal computers. Now OpenClaw has made it possible for us to create personal agents. The implication is incredible. The implication is incredible. First of all, the adoption says something all in itself. However, the most important thing is this. Every single company now realized, every single company, every single software company, every single technology company, for the CEOs, the question is, what's your OpenClaw strategy? Just as we need to all have a Linux strategy, we all needed to have an HTTP, HTML strategy, which started the Internet. We all needed to have a Kubernetes strategy, which made it possible for mobile cloud to happen. Every company in the world today needs to have an OpenClaw strategy, an agentic system strategy. This is the new computer. Now this is just the exciting part. This is enterprise IT before OpenClaw. And I mentioned earlier, the way enterprise IT works, and the reason why it's called data centers is because these large rooms, these large buildings, held data, held the files of people, the structured data of business. It would pass through software that has tools and systems of records and all kinds of workflow that's codified into it, and that turns into tools that humans would use, digital workers would use. That is the old IT industry. Software companies creating tools, saving files, and of course, GSI's consultants that help companies figure out how to use these tools and integrate these tools. These tools are incredibly valuable for governance and security and privacy and compliance, and all of that continues to be true. It's just that post-OpenClaw, post-agentic, this is what it's going to look like. This is the extraordinary part. Every single IT company, every single company, every SaaS company, every SaaS company will become a gas company. No question about it. Every single SaaS company will become a gas company, an agentic as a service company. And what's amazing is this, you now, OpenClaw gave us, gave the industry exactly what it needed at exactly the time, just as Linux gave the industry exactly what it needed at exactly the time, just as Kubernetes showed up at exactly the right time, just as HTML showed up. It made it possible for the entire industry to grab onto this open source stack and go do something with it. There's just one catch. Agentic systems in the corporate network can have access to sensitive information, it can execute code, and it can communicate externally. Just say that out loud, okay? Think about it. Access sensitive information, execute code, communicate externally. You could, of course, access employee information, access supply chain, access finance information, sensitive information, and send it out, communicate externally. Obviously, this can't possibly be allowed. And so what we did was we worked with Peter, we took some of the world's best security and computing experts, and we worked with Peter to make OpenClaw enterprise secure and enterprise private capable. And we call that, this is our NVIDIA OpenClaw reference for Open, NemoClaw, which is a reference for OpenClaw, and it has all these agentic AI toolkits, and the first part of it is technology we call OpenShell that has now been integrated into OpenClaw. Now it's enterprise ready. This stack, this stack, with a reference design we call NemoClaw, okay, with a reference stack we call NemoClaw, you could download it, play with it, and you could connect to it the policy engine of all of the SaaS companies in the world. And your policy engines are super important, super valuable. So the policy engines could be connected, NemoClaw or OpenClaw with OpenShell would be able to execute that policy engine. It has a network guardrail, it has a privacy router, and as a result we could protect and keep the claws from executing inside our company and do it safely. We also added several things to the agentic system, and one of the most important things you want to do with your own custom claws is so that you can have your custom models, and this is NVIDIA's open model initiative. We are now at the frontier of every single domain of AI models, whether it's Nemotron, Cosmos World Foundation model, Groot, artificial general robotics, human robotics models, Alpimaio for autonomous vehicle, BioNemo for digital biology, ERTU for AI physics. We are at the frontier on every single one. Take a look. The world is diverse. No single model can serve every industry. Open models is one of the largest and most diverse AI ecosystems in the world. Nearly three million open models across language, vision, biology, physics, and autonomous systems enable AI builds for specialized domains. NVIDIA is one of the largest contributors to open source AI. We build and release six families of open frontier models, plus the training data, recipes, and frameworks to help developers customize and adopt. New leaderboard-topping models are launching for every family. At the core, Nemotron, reasoning models for language, visual understanding, RAG, safety, and speech. Can you hear me now? Yes. Hello? Yes, I can hear you now. Cosmos, frontier models for physical AI world generation and understanding. Alpha Maya, the world's first thinking and reasoning autonomous vehicle AI. Groot, foundation models for general purpose robots. BioNemo, open models for biology, chemistry, and molecular design. ERTU, models for weather and climate forecasting rooted in AI physics. NVIDIA open models give researchers and developers the foundation to build and deploy AI for their own specialized domains. Our models, our, thank you. Our models are valuable to all of you because number one, it's on the top of the leaderboard. It's world class. But most importantly, it's because we are not going to give up working on it. We're going to keep on working on it every single day. Nemotron 3 is going to be followed by Nemotron 4. Cosmos 1 was followed by Cosmos 2. Groot at generation 2. Each and one of these, we're going to continue to advance these models. Vertical integration, horizontal openness, so that we can enable everybody to join the AI revolution. Number one on leaderboard across research and voice and world models and artificial general robotics and self-driving cars and reasoning. Of course, one of the most important one, this is Nemotron 3 in open claw. This is Nemotron 3 in open claw. And look at the top three. There are the three best models in the world. Okay? We are at the frontier. It is also true that we want to create the foundation model so that all of you can fine-tune it and post-train it into exactly the intelligence you need. This is Nemotron 3 Ultra. It is going to be the best base model the world's ever created. This allows us to help every country build their sovereign AI. And we're working with so many different companies out there. And one of the most exciting things that we're doing today, I'm announcing today, is a Nemotron coalition. We are so dedicated to this. We have invested billions of dollars of AI infrastructure so that we could develop the core engines for AI that's necessary for all the libraries of inference and so on, but also to create the AI models to activate every single industry in the world. Large language models is really important. Of course it's important. How could human intelligence not be? However, in different industries around the world, in different countries around the world, you need to have the ability to customize your own models. And the domain of the models is radically different from biology to physics to self-driving cars to general robotics to, of course, human language. And we have the ability to work with every single region to create their domain-specific, their sovereign AI. Today, we're announcing a coalition to partner with us to make Nemotron 4 even more amazing. And that coalition has some amazing companies in it. Black Forest Labs, imaging company, Cursor, the famous coding company. We use lots of it. LangChain, billion downloads for creating custom agents. Mistral, Arthur mentioned. I think he's here. Incredible, incredible company. Perplexity, Perplexy's computer. Absolutely use it. Everybody use it. It is so good. A multimodal agentic system. Reflection, Sarvam from India. Thinking Machine, Miramarati's lab. Incredible companies joining us. Thank you. I said that every single enterprise company, every single software company in the world needs an agentic systems, need an agent strategy. You need to have an open-claw strategy. And they all agree. And they're all partnering with us to integrate Nemo, the Nemo-claw reference design, the NVIDIA agentic AI toolkit, and, of course, all of our open models. One company after another. There's so many. And we're partnering with all of you. I'm really grateful for that. And this is our moment. This is a reinvention. This is a renaissance, a renaissance of the enterprise IT from what would be a $2 trillion industry. This is going to become a multi-trillion dollar industry offering not just tools for people to use but agents that are specialized in very special domains that you're expert in that we could rent. I could totally imagine in the future every single engineer in our company will need an annual token budget. They're going to make a few hundred thousand dollars a year of their base pay. I'm going to give them probably half of that on top of it.

tokens so that they could be amplified 10 X. Of course we would. It is now one of the recruiting tools in Silicon Valley. How many tokens comes along with my job. And the reason for that is very clear because every engineer that has access to tokens will be more productive. And those tokens as you know will be produced by AI factories that all of you and us we partner to build. OK. So every single enterprise company and today sit on top of file systems and data centers. Every single software company of the future will be agentic and they will be token manufacturers. They'll be token users for their engineers and they'll be token manufacturers for all of their customers. The open class event the open call event cannot be understated. This is as big of a deal as HTML. This is as big of a deal as Linux. We have now a world class open agentic framework that all of us could use to build our open class strategy and we've created a reference design we call Nemo cloud Nemo clock that all of you could use that is optimized its performance it is safe and secure. Speaking of agents agents as you know perceive reason and act most of the agents in the world today that I've spoken about our digital agents they act in the digital world. They reason they write software. It's all digital. But we also have been working on physically embodied agents for a long time we call them robots and the A.I. that they need are physical A.I.s. We have some big announcements here. I'm going to just walk through a few of them. A hundred and ten robots here almost every single company in the world I can't think of one that are building robots is working with NVIDIA. We have three computers the training computer the synthetic data generation and simulation computer and of course the robotics computer that sits inside the robot itself. We have all the software stacks necessary to do so. The A.I. models the helpers the and all of this is integrated into ecosystems around the world and all of our partners from Siemens to Cadence incredible partners everywhere. And today we're announcing a whole bunch of new new partners. As you know we've been working on self-driving cars for a long time. The chat GPT moment of self-driving cars has arrived. We now know we could successfully autonomously drive cars and today we are announcing the first self-driving car in the world. Today we are announcing four new partners for NVIDIA's robo taxi ready platform B.Y.D. Hyundai Nissan Geely all together 18 million cars built each year joining our partners from before Mercedes Toyota GM the number of robo taxi ready cars in the future are going to be incredible and we're announcing also a big partnership with Uber. Multiple cities we're going to be deploying and connecting these robo taxi ready vehicles into their network. And so a whole bunch of new cars. We have a A.B.B. Universal Robotics KUKA so many robotics companies here and we're working with them to implement our physical A.I. models integrated into simulation systems so that we could deploy these robots into manufacturing lines all over. We have Caterpillar here. We even have T-Mobile here and the reason for that is in the future that radio tower used to be a radio tower is going to be an NVIDIA aerial A.I. RAM and so this is going to be a robotics radio tower meaning it can reason about the traffic figure out how to adjust its beam forming so that it could save as much energy as possible and increase the amount of fidelity as possible. There are so many human or robots here but one of my favorites one of my favorites is a Disney robot. You know what tell you what let me just show you some of the videos. Let's look at that first. The first global rollout of physical A.I. at scale is here. Autonomous vehicles and with NVIDIA Alpha Mio vehicles now have reasoning helping them operate safely and intelligently across scenarios. We asked the car to narrate its actions. I'm changing lanes to the right to follow my route. Explain its thinking as it makes decisions. There's a double parked vehicle in my lane. I'm going around it. And follow instructions. Hey Mercedes can you speed up. Sure I'll speed up. This is the age of physical A.I. and robotics. Around the world developers are building robots of every kind. But the real world is massively diverse unpredictable full of edge cases. Real world data will never be enough to train for every scenario. We need data generated from A.I. and simulation. For robots compute is data. Developers pre-trained world foundation models on Internet scale video and human demonstrations and evaluate the model's performance to prepare them for post-training. Using classical and neural simulation they generate massive amounts of synthetic data and train policies at scale. To accelerate developers NVIDIA built open source Isaac Lab for robot training and evaluation and simulation. Newton for extensible and GPU accelerated differentiable physics simulation. Cosmos world models for neural simulation and Groot open robotics foundation models for robot reasoning and action generation. With enough compute developers everywhere are closing the physical A.I. data gap. Peritas A.I. trains their operating room assistant robot in NVIDIA Isaac Lab multiplying their data with NVIDIA Cosmos world models. Skilled A.I. uses Isaac Lab and Cosmos to generate post-training data for their skilled A.I. brain. They use reinforcement learning to harden the model across thousands of variations. Humanoid uses Isaac Lab to train whole body control and manipulation policies. Hexagon Robotics uses Isaac Lab for training and data generation. Foxconn fine tunes group models in Isaac Lab as does Noble Machines. Disney Research uses their Camino physics simulator in Newton and Isaac Lab to train policies across their character robots in every universe. Ladies and gentlemen, Olaf. Does it? Newton works. Omniverse works. Olaf, how are you? I'm so happy now that I'm meeting you. I know, because I gave you your computer. Jetson. What's that? Well, it's in your tummy. That's going to be amazing. And you learned how to walk inside Omniverse. I love walking. This is so much better than riding on a reindeer gazing up at the beautiful sky. And it was because of physics using this Newton solver that runs on top of NVIDIA Warp that we jointly developed with Disney and with DeepMind that made it possible for you to be able to adapt to the physical world. Check that out. I was about to say that. That's how smart you are. I'm a snowman, not a snowglobe. Could you imagine this? The future of Disneyland? All these robots, all these characters wandering around. I have to admit, though, I thought you were going to be taller. I've never seen such a short snowman, to be honest. Nope. Hey, tell you what. You want to help me out? Hooray! Okay. Usually, I close the keynote by telling you what I told you. We talked about inference inflection, we talked about the AI factory, we talked about the open-claw agent revolution that's happening, and of course, we talked about physical AI and robotics. But tell you what. Why don't we get some friends to help us close it out? Of course! All right, play it. Terminating simulation. Hello? Anybody here? Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da. The keynote's over, all was said. Jensen mapped the road ahead. AI factories coming alive. Agents learning how to drive. From open models to robots too. Now we'll break it all down for you. Compute exploded, what we saw. From CNNs to OpenClaw. Agents working across the land, but they need the power to meet demand. So we solved the problem, it was brilliant. We multiplied compute by 40 million. Once upon an AI time train was the paradigm. Sure it taught the models how, but in France runs the whole world now. Vera showed us who's the boss at 35 times less the cost. Blackwell makes the token singing video, the inference king. AI factories once took years. Vendors pulling racks and gears. Built up slowly, piece by piece. No clear way to scale this beast. DSX and Dynamo know what to do. Turning power into revenue. Agents used to wait and see, now act autonomously. But if they ever try to stray, save costs, block and save. No way, Nemo Claw's there to guard the course. And yes my friends, it's open source. Cars that think and droids that run, this ain't the movies, it's all begun. Alcamayo calls the shots, it's a GPT moment for the bots from Sim to Streets. Watch them drive, blow your hands up, for physical AI. Industrial age built what came before, now we're built for AI even more. Vera Rubin plus Grog make the inference splash, put them together now it's raining cash. We're building new architecture every year, cause Claws keep yelling more tokens here. The AI stacks for all to make, so let us all eat five layer cake. The moment's bright, the path is clear, cause open models led us here. When data's missing there's no dispute, we just generate more with compute. Robots learning without flaw, fueling the force, scaling laws. The future's here, won't you come and see. Welcome all to GTC. Doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh. Alright, have a great GTC! Wave. Thank you everybody. See you at love. Thank you. www.agilent.com

